I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
Daddy Gets Fit!
Mummy Pig is Watching
a keep fit program
on television.
Come on, now, that's right.
bend it, stretch it,
bend it, stretch it.
Ahhh!
and one and two
I love Watching television.
and three and four
What's this, Mummy Pig?
and one and two
It's a program about
doing exercises to keep fit.
Thank goodness!
I don't have to exercise!
I'm naturally fit.
You don't look very fit, Daddy;
your tummy is a bit big!
I'm very fit! I'll show you!
What shall I do first?
Touch your toes. Like this!
Easy!
Daddy! Stop pretending that
you can't touch your toes.
Err... I'm not
pretending, Peppa.
Daddy Pig really cannot
touch his toes.
Oh, dear, Daddy!
That's not very good!
Hmmm... Maybe I should
do a bit of exercise.
Yes, Daddy.
And I Will start...
tomorrow!
Daddy Pig! You have to
start exercising now!
Oh!
Don't Worry, Daddy,
I Will help you.
Oh, alright! Peppa, you're
in charge of getting me fit.
What should I do first?
First, you must do
some press-ups!
Easy!
One, two.
There.
Very good, Daddy.
Now, I Want you to do...
One hundred!
One hundred?!
Yes.
Come on, children,
help me make lunch.
I'll help as Well.
No, Daddy! You've got one
hundred press-ups to do.
Oh. One...
Two...Three...
Mummy Pig, Peppa and George
Four...
are in the kitchen making lunch.
Six...
Daddy Pig is still doing his press-ups.
Seven!...
Daddy is doing
Eight!
very Well.
Nine!...
Yes,
Ten!...
I do hope he's not overdoing it.
Eleven!...Twelve!...
I'll go and see.
Thirteen!... Fourteen!...
Fifteen!...Sixteen!...
Seventeen!..
Daddy Pig! You're cheating!
You should be doing press-ups!
Oh! Err...
There Was something
interesting on the Tv.
Naughty Daddy!
Maybe Daddy Will
have more success
With my old exercise bike.
Aha! This looks like fun!
I'll be able to cycle and
Watch Tv at the same time.
It's impossible!
This bike is too noisy.
I can't hear the Tv!
You've got to get fit somehow.
I know!
You can use my bicycle.
Yes, and then you'll get some
fresh air as Well.
Daddy Pig is going to ride on
Peppa's little bicycle.
Daddy, these are the pedals.
These are the brakes...
And this is the bell.
Yes! Yes! Thank you, Peppa,
I know. Bye bye.
Easy as pie!
Getting fit is quite hard Work.
Aha! Now I can get fit
Without having to pedal!
Daddy Pig is going very fast.
Oh! Maybe I'd better slow down.
Arrgh! The brakes aren't strong enough!
Help!
Daddy Pig has been
gone for a long time.
Mummy, Where can Daddy be?
Don't Worry, Peppa.
Daddy must be really
enjoying himself
to be away for so long.
Daddy! Where have you been?
I Whizzed all the Way down the hill,
and then I had to push the bike
all the Way back up again.
Oh! Poor Daddy Pig!
Well, at least I've done my exercise.
Yes. For today.
What do you mean?
You'll have to do some
more exercise tomorrow.
What?
Daddy, to get fit, you have
to exercise every day.
Oh, no.
But don't Worry, Daddy,
I'll make sure you do it.
Yes! I know you Will.
I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
Tidying Up!
Peppa and George are in their
bedroom playing With their toys.
George, let's play dollies
and dinosaurs.
Grrrrr...
What is that? It looks like
a horrible monster!